fix(function): ST_Equals should return true for same type empty geometries (#27015)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/admin/properties.rst

configs.

To enable SSL/TLS, see :doc:`/security/internal-communication`.

Geometry Properties
-------------------

``legacy-st-equals``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``boolean``
* **Default value:** ``false``

Enable legacy behavior for the ``ST_Equals`` geospatial function.

> See :func:`functions/geospatial:ST_Equals` for details on the behavior differences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See ``ST_Equals`` in :ref:`functions/geospatial:Relationship Tests` for details on the behavior differences.
```
The link as given here doesn't work as a link, see this screenshot of a local doc build. 

<img width="629" height="92" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/451f6599-351f-4843-abde-31955a99e299" />

I can't manage to successfully format a link to https://prestodb.io/docs/current/functions/geospatial.html#ST_Equals-Geometry-Geometry-boolean directly, so this suggestion is a workaround that does compile successfully in a local build and will take the reader to where you want them to go.

> This property will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: This is still visible in a local doc build of the newly-pulled PR.

Author: Updated, thank you!
